No!
OK, everybody.
I want to welcome Harry and his daughter Michelle
to Thanksgiving with him.
Thank you, Dr. Stewart.
Call me, Philip.
OK.
But first, I think we should take a moment and remember
the meaning of Thanksgiving.
Philip, I took Michelle to a school play
about the first Thanksgiving.
Well, I don't you tell us about that, Michelle.
Thanksgiving was about the Pukras, the first settlers in America.
We shared the first harvest of the Indians.
Give up.
All right.
Then in that spirit, let's eat your musk if things.
Each and his own way, who wants to begin.
I will.
I give thanks for being here with my family.
And for being well, so I can enjoy you all.
All right.
We love you, Grandpa.
But I'd like to give thanks for a healthy year.
Good job.
And for meeting Harry and Michelle.
We'd like to give thanks for meeting Susan
and the Stewart family.
I love you, Daddy.
Thanks, Harry.
That was very kind of you.
I'd like to give thanks for Grandpa coming to live with us.
And I'd also like to thank my math teacher for giving me
a passing grade.
And call me, Alexandra.
Oh, my gosh.
You go.
You go first, Marilyn.
I'm thinking you go first.
Well, you all know I'm working on my photo album.
It's not finished yet.
And I'd like to thank Marilyn for being so patient.
Thanks, Richard.
I should thank you for encouraging me
to keep working on my fashion designs.
I'm lucky to have a husband with an artistic eye.
I'm not going to give.
Oh.
We all have a lot to be thankful for.
For the phone on this table, just like the pilgrims.
I'll go along with that, Ellen.
Well, help me, Sarah for Oby.
It was a wonderful meal, Mrs. Stewart.
Thank you.
And now to see the end of the football game.
Exactly.
Where are you going, Philip?
Remember, the Michigan football game
and Michigan needs to touch down.
Did you forget something?
Dad, your famous apple pie.
Just let me see the score, Ellen.
Go ahead, Philip.
You should all take a little break before dessert.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you.
You can prep.
Week.
It's hot.
Who could that be?
Oh, it must be Alexandra.
I invited her to come by for dessert.
You did.
I like Ellen.
You know everyone, Alexandra.
No, she doesn't know Harry Bennett and his daughter, Michelle.
Nice to meet you.
Hi.
Hello, Alex.
Hi, Marilyn.
Hi, Susan.
Happy Thanksgiving.
And Alexandra brought us a pumpkin pie.
Please sit down, Alexandra.
Dad, Richard.
Alexandra's here.
Michigan needs to touch down.
Three minutes to play.
Hi, Alexandra.
Welcome.
Hello, Alexandra.
Yes, Michigan needs to touch down.
One tiny little touchdown.
We just three minutes to play.
You want Michigan to win.
How'd you get?
And Alexandra brought us a pumpkin pie.
What happened?
We forgot to turn the oven on.
Week.
Philip, why don't you go watch the last three minutes
of the game, I will serve coffee and pumpkin pie.
OK.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
Robbie, would you bring the dessert plates and Marilyn?
Would you pour coffee?
Sure, Ellen.
How is your Thanksgiving dinner, Alexandra?
Just wonderful, Mr. Stewart.
The Molinas are a large family.
I love being with them.
I'm glad you came by, Alexandra.
I am, too.
Touch down, touch down, touch down.
Oh, boy.
Great Thanksgiving.
Lots of delightful work.
Michigan scored a touchdown.
Alexandra came by.
And nobody misses Philip's famous apple pie.
Oh, grandpa.